amazon.aws.autoscaling_group                                                                                       Create or delete AWS AutoScaling Groups (AS...
amazon.aws.autoscaling_group_info                                                                                  Gather information about EC2 Auto Scaling G...
amazon.aws.autoscaling_instance                                                                                    manage instances associated with AWS AutoSc...
amazon.aws.autoscaling_instance_info                                                                               describe instances associated with AWS Auto...
amazon.aws.autoscaling_instance_refresh                                                                            Start or cancel an EC2 Auto Scaling Group (...
amazon.aws.autoscaling_instance_refresh_info                                                                       Gather information about EC2 Auto Scaling G...
amazon.aws.aws_az_info                                                                                             Gather information about availability zones...
amazon.aws.aws_caller_info                                                                                         Get information about the user and account ...
amazon.aws.aws_region_info                                                                                         Gather information about AWS regions       
amazon.aws.backup_plan                                                                                             Manage AWS Backup Plans                    
amazon.aws.backup_plan_info                                                                                        Describe AWS Backup Plans                  
amazon.aws.backup_restore_job_info                                                                                 List information about backup restore jobs 
amazon.aws.backup_selection                                                                                        Create, delete and modify AWS Backup select...
amazon.aws.backup_selection_info                                                                                   Describe AWS Backup Selections             
amazon.aws.backup_tag                                                                                              Manage tags on backup plan, backup vault, r...
amazon.aws.backup_tag_info                                                                                         List tags on AWS Backup resources          
amazon.aws.backup_vault                                                                                            Manage AWS Backup Vaults                   
amazon.aws.backup_vault_info                                                                                       Describe AWS Backup Vaults                 
amazon.aws.cloudformation                                                                                          Create or delete an AWS CloudFormation stac...
amazon.aws.cloudformation_info                                                                                     Obtain information about an AWS CloudFormat...
amazon.aws.cloudtrail                                                                                              manage CloudTrail create, delete, update   
amazon.aws.cloudtrail_info                                                                                         Gather information about trails in AWS Clou...
amazon.aws.cloudwatch_metric_alarm                                                                                 Create/update or delete AWS CloudWatch 'met...
amazon.aws.cloudwatch_metric_alarm_info                                                                            Gather information about the alarms for the...
amazon.aws.cloudwatchevent_rule                                                                                    Manage CloudWatch Event rules and targets  
amazon.aws.cloudwatchlogs_log_group                                                                                create or delete log_group in CloudWatchLog...
amazon.aws.cloudwatchlogs_log_group_info                                                                           Get information about log_group in CloudWat...
amazon.aws.cloudwatchlogs_log_group_metric_filter                                                                  Manage CloudWatch log group metric filter  
amazon.aws.ec2_ami                                                                                                 Create or destroy an image (AMI) in EC2    
amazon.aws.ec2_ami_info                                                                                            Gather information about EC2 AMIs          
amazon.aws.ec2_dedicated_host                                                                                      Create, update or delete (release) EC2 dedi...
amazon.aws.ec2_dedicated_host_info                                                                                 Gather information about EC2 Dedicated Host...
amazon.aws.ec2_eip                                                                                                 manages EC2 elastic IP (EIP) addresses     
amazon.aws.ec2_eip_info                                                                                            List EC2 EIP details                       
amazon.aws.ec2_eni                                                                                                 Create and optionally attach an Elastic Net...
amazon.aws.ec2_eni_info                                                                                            Gather information about EC2 ENI interfaces...
amazon.aws.ec2_import_image                                                                                        Manage AWS EC2 import image tasks          
amazon.aws.ec2_import_image_info                                                                                   Gather information about import virtual mac...
amazon.aws.ec2_instance                                                                                            Create & manage EC2 instances              
amazon.aws.ec2_instance_info                                                                                       Gather information about ec2 instances in A...
amazon.aws.ec2_key                                                                                                 Create or delete an EC2 key pair           
amazon.aws.ec2_key_info                                                                                            Gather information about EC2 key pairs in A...
amazon.aws.ec2_launch_template                                                                                     Manage EC2 launch templates                
amazon.aws.ec2_launch_template_info                                                                                Gather information about launch templates a...
amazon.aws.ec2_metadata_facts                                                                                      Gathers facts (instance metadata) about rem...
amazon.aws.ec2_placement_group                                                                                     Create or delete an EC2 Placement Group    
amazon.aws.ec2_placement_group_info                                                                                List EC2 Placement Group(s) details        
amazon.aws.ec2_security_group                                                                                      Maintain an EC2 security group             
amazon.aws.ec2_security_group_info                                                                                 Gather information about EC2 security group...
amazon.aws.ec2_snapshot                                                                                            Creates a snapshot from an existing volume 
amazon.aws.ec2_snapshot_info                                                                                       Gathers information about EC2 volume snapsh...
amazon.aws.ec2_spot_instance                                                                                       Request, stop, reboot or cancel spot instan...
amazon.aws.ec2_spot_instance_info                                                                                  Gather information about ec2 spot instance ...
amazon.aws.ec2_tag                                                                                                 Create and remove tags on ec2 resources    
amazon.aws.ec2_tag_info                                                                                            List tags on ec2 resources                 
amazon.aws.ec2_transit_gateway                                                                                     Create and delete AWS Transit Gateways     
amazon.aws.ec2_transit_gateway_info                                                                                Retrieve information about EC2 Transit Gate...
amazon.aws.ec2_transit_gateway_vpc_attachment                                                                      Create and delete AWS Transit Gateway VPC a...
amazon.aws.ec2_transit_gateway_vpc_attachment_info                                                                 describes AWS Transit Gateway VPC attachmen...
amazon.aws.ec2_vol                                                                                                 Create and attach a volume, return volume I...
amazon.aws.ec2_vol_info                                                                                            Gather information about EC2 volumes in AWS
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_dhcp_option                                                                                     Manages DHCP Options, and can ensure the DH...
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_dhcp_option_info                                                                                Gather information about DHCP options sets ...
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_egress_igw                                                                                      Manage an AWS VPC Egress Only Internet gate...
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_egress_igw_info                                                                                 Gather information about AWS VPC Egress Onl...
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_endpoint                                                                                        Create and delete AWS VPC endpoints        
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_endpoint_info                                                                                   Retrieves AWS VPC endpoints details using A...
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_endpoint_service_info                                                                           Retrieves AWS VPC endpoint service details 
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_igw                                                                                             Manage an AWS VPC Internet gateway         
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_igw_info                                                                                        Gather information about internet gateways ...
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_nacl                                                                                            create and delete Network ACLs             
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_nacl_info                                                                                       Gather information about Network ACLs in an...
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_nat_gateway                                                                                     Manage AWS VPC NAT Gateways                
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_nat_gateway_info                                                                                Retrieves AWS VPC Managed Nat Gateway detai...
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_net                                                                                             Configure AWS Virtual Private Clouds       
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_net_info                                                                                        Gather information about EC2 VPCs in AWS   
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_peering                                                                                         create, delete, accept, and reject VPC peer...
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_peering_info                                                                                    Retrieves AWS VPC Peering details using AWS...
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_route_table                                                                                     Manage route tables for AWS Virtual Private...
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_route_table_info                                                                                Gather information about ec2 VPC route tabl...
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_subnet                                                                                          Manage subnets in AWS virtual private cloud...
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_subnet_info                                                                                     Gather information about EC2 VPC subnets in...
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_vgw                                                                                             Create and delete AWS VPN Virtual Gateways 
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_vgw_info                                                                                        Gather information about virtual gateways i...
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_vpn                                                                                             Create, modify, and delete EC2 VPN connecti...
amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_vpn_info                                                                                        Gather information about EC2 VPN Connection...
amazon.aws.elb_application_lb                                                                                      Manage an Application Load Balancer        
amazon.aws.elb_application_lb_info                                                                                 Gather information about Application Load B...
amazon.aws.elb_classic_lb                                                                                          Creates, updates or destroys an Amazon ELB 
amazon.aws.elb_classic_lb_info                                                                                     Gather information about EC2 Classic Elasti...
amazon.aws.iam_access_key                                                                                          Manage AWS IAM User access keys            
amazon.aws.iam_access_key_info                                                                                     fetch information about AWS IAM User access...
amazon.aws.iam_group                                                                                               Manage AWS IAM groups                      
amazon.aws.iam_instance_profile                                                                                    manage IAM instance profiles               
amazon.aws.iam_instance_profile_info                                                                               gather information on IAM instance profiles
amazon.aws.iam_managed_policy                                                                                      Manage User Managed IAM policies           
amazon.aws.iam_mfa_device_info                                                                                     List the MFA (Multi-Factor Authentication) ...
amazon.aws.iam_password_policy                                                                                     Update an IAM Password Policy              
amazon.aws.iam_policy                                                                                              Manage inline IAM policies for users, group...
amazon.aws.iam_policy_info                                                                                         Retrieve inline IAM policies for users, gro...
amazon.aws.iam_role                                                                                                Manage AWS IAM roles                       
amazon.aws.iam_role_info                                                                                           Gather information on IAM roles            
amazon.aws.iam_user                                                                                                Manage AWS IAM users                       
amazon.aws.iam_user_info                                                                                           Gather IAM user(s) facts in AWS            
amazon.aws.kms_key                                                                                                 Perform various KMS key management tasks   
amazon.aws.kms_key_info                                                                                            Gather information about AWS KMS keys      
amazon.aws.lambda                                                                                                  Manage AWS Lambda functions                
amazon.aws.lambda_alias                                                                                            Creates, updates or deletes AWS Lambda func...
amazon.aws.lambda_event                                                                                            Creates, updates or deletes AWS Lambda func...
amazon.aws.lambda_execute                                                                                          Execute an AWS Lambda function             
amazon.aws.lambda_info                                                                                             Gathers AWS Lambda function details        
amazon.aws.lambda_layer                                                                                            Creates an AWS Lambda layer or deletes an A...
amazon.aws.lambda_layer_info                                                                                       List lambda layer or lambda layer versions 
amazon.aws.lambda_policy                                                                                           Creates, updates or deletes AWS Lambda poli...
amazon.aws.rds_cluster                                                                                             rds_cluster module                         
amazon.aws.rds_cluster_info                                                                                        Obtain information about one or more RDS cl...
amazon.aws.rds_cluster_param_group                                                                                 Manage RDS cluster parameter groups        
amazon.aws.rds_cluster_param_group_info                                                                            Describes the properties of specific RDS cl...
amazon.aws.rds_cluster_snapshot                                                                                    Manage Amazon RDS snapshots of DB clusters 
amazon.aws.rds_engine_versions_info                                                                                Describes the properties of specific versio...
amazon.aws.rds_global_cluster_info                                                                                 Obtain information about Aurora global data...
amazon.aws.rds_instance                                                                                            Manage RDS instances                       
amazon.aws.rds_instance_info                                                                                       obtain information about one or more RDS in...
amazon.aws.rds_instance_param_group                                                                                manage RDS parameter groups                
amazon.aws.rds_instance_param_group_info                                                                           Describes the RDS parameter group          
amazon.aws.rds_instance_snapshot                                                                                   Manage Amazon RDS instance snapshots       
amazon.aws.rds_option_group                                                                                        Manages the creation, modification, deletio...
amazon.aws.rds_option_group_info                                                                                   rds_option_group_info module               
amazon.aws.rds_snapshot_info                                                                                       obtain information about one or more RDS sn...
amazon.aws.rds_subnet_group                                                                                        manage RDS database subnet groups          
amazon.aws.route53                                                                                                 add or delete entries in Amazons Route 53 D...
amazon.aws.route53_health_check                                                                                    Manage health checks in Amazons Route 53 DN...
amazon.aws.route53_info                                                                                            Retrieves Route 53 details using AWS method...
amazon.aws.route53_key_signing_key                                                                                 Manages a key-signing key (KSK)            
amazon.aws.route53_zone                                                                                            add or delete Route 53 zones               
amazon.aws.s3_bucket                                                                                               Manage S3 buckets in AWS, DigitalOcean, Cep...
amazon.aws.s3_bucket_info                                                                                          Lists S3 buckets in AWS                    
amazon.aws.s3_object                                                                                               Manage objects in S3                       
amazon.aws.s3_object_info                                                                                          Gather information about objects in S3     
amazon.aws.sts_assume_role                                                                                         Assume a role using AWS Security Token Serv...
ansible.builtin.add_host                                                                                           Add a host (and alternatively a group) to t...
ansible.builtin.apt                                                                                                Manages apt-packages                       
ansible.builtin.apt_key                                                                                            Add or remove an apt key                   
ansible.builtin.apt_repository                                                                                     Add and remove APT repositories            
ansible.builtin.assemble                                                                                           Assemble configuration files from fragments
ansible.builtin.assert                                                                                             Asserts given expressions are true         
ansible.builtin.async_status                                                                                       Obtain status of asynchronous task         
ansible.builtin.blockinfile                                                                                        Insert/update/remove a text block surrounde...
ansible.builtin.command                                                                                            Execute commands on targets                
ansible.builtin.copy                                                                                               Copy files to remote locations             
ansible.builtin.cron                                                                                               Manage cron.d and crontab entries          
ansible.builtin.deb822_repository                                                                                  Add and remove deb822 formatted repositorie...
ansible.builtin.debconf                                                                                            Configure a .deb package                   
ansible.builtin.debug                                                                                              Print statements during execution          
ansible.builtin.dnf                                                                                                Manages packages with the [4mdnf[0m packa...
ansible.builtin.dnf5                                                                                               Manages packages with the [4mdnf5[0m pack...
ansible.builtin.dpkg_selections                                                                                    Dpkg package selection selections          
ansible.builtin.expect                                                                                             Executes a command and responds to prompts 
ansible.builtin.fail                                                                                               Fail with custom message                   
ansible.builtin.fetch                                                                                              Fetch files from remote nodes              
ansible.builtin.file                                                                                               Manage files and file properties           
ansible.builtin.find                                                                                               Return a list of files based on specific cr...
ansible.builtin.gather_facts                                                                                       Gathers facts about remote hosts           
ansible.builtin.get_url                                                                                            Downloads files from HTTP, HTTPS, or FTP to...
ansible.builtin.getent                                                                                             A wrapper to the unix getent utility       
ansible.builtin.git                                                                                                Deploy software (or files) from git checkou...
ansible.builtin.group                                                                                              Add or remove groups                       
ansible.builtin.group_by                                                                                           Create Ansible groups based on facts       
ansible.builtin.hostname                                                                                           Manage hostname                            
ansible.builtin.import_playbook                                                                                    Import a playbook                          
ansible.builtin.import_role                                                                                        Import a role into a play                  
ansible.builtin.import_tasks                                                                                       Import a task list                         
ansible.builtin.include_role                                                                                       Load and execute a role                    
ansible.builtin.include_tasks                                                                                      Dynamically include a task list            
ansible.builtin.include_vars                                                                                       Load variables from files, dynamically with...
ansible.builtin.iptables                                                                                           Modify iptables rules                      
ansible.builtin.known_hosts                                                                                        Add or remove a host from the [1;30m`known...
ansible.builtin.lineinfile                                                                                         Manage lines in text files                 
ansible.builtin.meta                                                                                               Execute Ansible 'actions'                  
ansible.builtin.mount_facts                                                                                        Retrieve mount information                 
ansible.builtin.package                                                                                            Generic OS package manager                 
ansible.builtin.package_facts                                                                                      Package information as facts               
ansible.builtin.pause                                                                                              Pause playbook execution                   
ansible.builtin.ping                                                                                               Try to connect to host, verify a usable pyt...
ansible.builtin.pip                                                                                                Manages Python library dependencies        
ansible.builtin.raw                                                                                                Executes a low-down and dirty command      
ansible.builtin.reboot                                                                                             Reboot a machine                           
ansible.builtin.replace                                                                                            Replace all instances of a particular strin...
ansible.builtin.rpm_key                                                                                            Adds or removes a gpg key from the rpm db  
ansible.builtin.script                                                                                             Runs a local script on a remote node after ...
ansible.builtin.service                                                                                            Manage services                            
ansible.builtin.service_facts                                                                                      Return service state information as fact da...
ansible.builtin.set_fact                                                                                           Set host variable(s) and fact(s)           
ansible.builtin.set_stats                                                                                          Define and display stats for the current an...
ansible.builtin.setup                                                                                              Gathers facts about remote hosts           
ansible.builtin.shell                                                                                              Execute shell commands on targets          
ansible.builtin.slurp                                                                                              Slurps a file from remote nodes            
ansible.builtin.stat                                                                                               Retrieve file or file system status        
ansible.builtin.subversion                                                                                         Deploys a subversion repository            
ansible.builtin.systemd                                                                                            Manage systemd units                       
ansible.builtin.systemd_service                                                                                    Manage systemd units                       
ansible.builtin.sysvinit                                                                                           Manage SysV services                       
ansible.builtin.tempfile                                                                                           Creates temporary files and directories    
ansible.builtin.template                                                                                           Template a file out to a target host       
ansible.builtin.unarchive                                                                                          Unpacks an archive after (optionally) copyi...
ansible.builtin.uri                                                                                                Interacts with webservices                 
ansible.builtin.user                                                                                               Manage user accounts                       
ansible.builtin.validate_argument_spec                                                                             Validate role argument specs               
ansible.builtin.wait_for                                                                                           Waits for a condition before continuing    
ansible.builtin.wait_for_connection                                                                                Waits until remote system is reachable/usab...
ansible.builtin.yum_repository                                                                                     Add or remove YUM repositories             
ansible.netcommon.cli_backup                                                                                       Back up device configuration from network d...
ansible.netcommon.cli_command                                                                                      Run a cli command on cli-based network devi...
ansible.netcommon.cli_config                                                                                       Push text based configuration to network de...
ansible.netcommon.cli_restore                                                                                      Restore device configuration to network dev...
ansible.netcommon.grpc_config                                                                                      Fetch configuration/state data from gRPC en...
ansible.netcommon.grpc_get                                                                                         Fetch configuration/state data from gRPC en...
ansible.netcommon.net_get                                                                                          Copy a file from a network device to Ansibl...
ansible.netcommon.net_ping                                                                                         Tests reachability using ping from a networ...
ansible.netcommon.net_put                                                                                          Copy a file from Ansible Controller to a ne...
ansible.netcommon.netconf_config                                                                                   netconf device configuration               
ansible.netcommon.netconf_get                                                                                      Fetch configuration/state data from NETCONF...
ansible.netcommon.netconf_rpc                                                                                      Execute operations on NETCONF enabled netwo...
ansible.netcommon.network_resource                                                                                 Manage resource modules                    
ansible.netcommon.restconf_config                                                                                  Handles create, update, read and delete of ...
ansible.netcommon.restconf_get                                                                                     Fetch configuration/state data from RESTCON...
ansible.netcommon.telnet                                                                                           Executes a low-down and dirty telnet comman...
ansible.posix.acl                                                                                                  Set and retrieve file ACL information      
ansible.posix.at                                                                                                   Schedule the execution of a command or scri...
ansible.posix.authorized_key                                                                                       Adds or removes an SSH authorized key      
ansible.posix.firewalld                                                                                            Manage arbitrary ports/services with firewa...
ansible.posix.firewalld_info                                                                                       Gather information about firewalld         
ansible.posix.mount                                                                                                Control active and configured mount points 
ansible.posix.patch                                                                                                Apply patch files using the GNU patch tool 
ansible.posix.rhel_facts                                                                                           Facts module to set or override RHEL specif...
ansible.posix.rhel_rpm_ostree                                                                                      Ensure packages exist in a RHEL for Edge rp...
ansible.posix.rpm_ostree_upgrade                                                                                   Manage rpm-ostree upgrade transactions     
ansible.posix.seboolean                                                                                            Toggles SELinux booleans                   
ansible.posix.selinux                                                                                              Change policy and state of SELinux         
ansible.posix.synchronize                                                                                          A wrapper around rsync to make common tasks...
ansible.posix.sysctl                                                                                               Manage entries in sysctl.conf              
ansible.utils.cli_parse                                                                                            Parse cli output or text using a variety of...
ansible.utils.fact_diff                                                                                            Find the difference between currently set f...
ansible.utils.update_fact                                                                                          Update currently set facts                 
ansible.utils.validate                                                                                             Validate data with provided criteria       
ansible.windows.async_status                                                                                       Obtain status of asynchronous task         
ansible.windows.setup                                                                                              Gathers facts about remote hosts           
ansible.windows.slurp                                                                                              Slurps a file from remote nodes            
ansible.windows.win_acl                                                                                            Set file/directory/registry/certificate per...
ansible.windows.win_acl_inheritance                                                                                Change ACL inheritance                     
ansible.windows.win_audit_policy_system                                                                            Used to make changes to the system wide Aud...
ansible.windows.win_audit_rule                                                                                     Adds an audit rule to files, folders, or re...
ansible.windows.win_auto_logon                                                                                     Adds or Sets auto logon registry keys      
ansible.windows.win_certificate_info                                                                               Get information on certificates from a Wind...
ansible.windows.win_certificate_store                                                                              Manages the certificate store              
ansible.windows.win_command                                                                                        Executes a command on a remote Windows node
ansible.windows.win_computer_description                                                                           Set windows description, owner and organiza...
ansible.windows.win_copy                                                                                           Copies files to remote locations on windows...
ansible.windows.win_credential                                                                                     Manages Windows Credentials in the Credenti...
ansible.windows.win_dhcp_lease                                                                                     Manage Windows Server DHCP Leases          
ansible.windows.win_dns_client                                                                                     Configures DNS lookup on Windows hosts     
ansible.windows.win_dns_record                                                                                     Manage Windows Server DNS records          
ansible.windows.win_dns_zone                                                                                       Manage Windows Server DNS Zones            
ansible.windows.win_domain                                                                                         Ensures the existence of a Windows domain  
ansible.windows.win_domain_controller                                                                              Manage domain controller/member server stat...
ansible.windows.win_domain_membership                                                                              Manage domain/workgroup membership for a Wi...
ansible.windows.win_dsc                                                                                            Invokes a PowerShell DSC configuration     
ansible.windows.win_environment                                                                                    Modify environment variables on windows hos...
ansible.windows.win_eventlog                                                                                       Manage Windows event logs                  
ansible.windows.win_feature                                                                                        Installs and uninstalls Windows Features on...
ansible.windows.win_feature_info                                                                                   Gather information about Windows features  
ansible.windows.win_file                                                                                           Creates, touches or removes files or direct...
ansible.windows.win_file_compression                                                                               Alters the compression of files and directo...
ansible.windows.win_find                                                                                           Return a list of files based on specific cr...
ansible.windows.win_firewall                                                                                       Enable or disable the Windows Firewall     
ansible.windows.win_get_url                                                                                        Downloads file from HTTP, HTTPS, or FTP to ...
ansible.windows.win_group                                                                                          Add and remove local groups                
ansible.windows.win_group_membership                                                                               Manage Windows local group membership      
ansible.windows.win_hostname                                                                                       Manages local Windows computer name        
ansible.windows.win_hosts                                                                                          Manages hosts file entries on Windows      
ansible.windows.win_hotfix                                                                                         Install and uninstalls Windows hotfixes    
ansible.windows.win_http_proxy                                                                                     Manages proxy settings for WinHTTP         
ansible.windows.win_inet_proxy                                                                                     Manages proxy settings for WinINet and Inte...
ansible.windows.win_listen_ports_facts                                                                             Recopilates the facts of the listening port...
ansible.windows.win_mapped_drive                                                                                   Map network drives for users               
ansible.windows.win_optional_feature                                                                               Manage optional Windows features           
ansible.windows.win_owner                                                                                          Set owner                                  
ansible.windows.win_package                                                                                        Installs/uninstalls an installable package 
ansible.windows.win_path                                                                                           Manage Windows path environment variables  
ansible.windows.win_ping                                                                                           A windows version of the classic ping modul...
ansible.windows.win_powershell                                                                                     Run PowerShell scripts                     
ansible.windows.win_product_facts                                                                                  Provides Windows product and license inform...
ansible.windows.win_reboot                                                                                         Reboot a windows machine                   
ansible.windows.win_reg_stat                                                                                       Get information about Windows registry keys
ansible.windows.win_regedit                                                                                        Add, change, or remove registry keys and va...
ansible.windows.win_region                                                                                         Set the region and format settings         
ansible.windows.win_route                                                                                          Add or remove a static route               
ansible.windows.win_service                                                                                        Manage and query Windows services          
ansible.windows.win_service_info                                                                                   Gather information about Windows services  
ansible.windows.win_share                                                                                          Manage Windows shares                      
ansible.windows.win_shell                                                                                          Execute shell commands on target hosts     
ansible.windows.win_stat                                                                                           Get information about Windows files        
ansible.windows.win_tempfile                                                                                       Creates temporary files and directories    
ansible.windows.win_template                                                                                       Template a file out to a remote server     
ansible.windows.win_timezone                                                                                       Sets Windows machine timezone              
ansible.windows.win_updates                                                                                        Download and install Windows updates       
ansible.windows.win_uri                                                                                            Interacts with webservices                 
ansible.windows.win_user                                                                                           Manages local Windows user accounts        
ansible.windows.win_user_profile                                                                                   Manages the Windows user profiles          
ansible.windows.win_user_right                                                                                     Manage Windows User Rights                 
ansible.windows.win_wait_for                                                                                       Waits for a condition before continuing    
ansible.windows.win_whoami                                                                                         Get information about the current user and ...
arista.eos.eos_acl_interfaces                                                                                      ACL interfaces resource module             
arista.eos.eos_acls                                                                                                ACLs resource module                       
arista.eos.eos_banner                                                                                              Manage multiline banners on Arista EOS devi...
arista.eos.eos_bgp_address_family                                                                                  Manages BGP address family resource module 
arista.eos.eos_bgp_global                                                                                          Manages BGP global resource module         
arista.eos.eos_command                                                                                             Run arbitrary commands on an Arista EOS dev...
arista.eos.eos_config                                                                                              Manage Arista EOS configuration sections   
arista.eos.eos_eapi                                                                                                Manage and configure Arista EOS eAPI       
arista.eos.eos_facts                                                                                               Collect facts from remote devices running A...
arista.eos.eos_hostname                                                                                            Manages hostname resource module           
arista.eos.eos_interfaces                                                                                          Interfaces resource module                 
arista.eos.eos_l2_interfaces                                                                                       L2 interfaces resource module              
arista.eos.eos_l3_interfaces                                                                                       L3 interfaces resource module              
arista.eos.eos_lacp                                                                                                LACP resource module                       
arista.eos.eos_lacp_interfaces                                                                                     LACP interfaces resource module            
arista.eos.eos_lag_interfaces                                                                                      LAG interfaces resource module             
arista.eos.eos_lldp                                                                                                Manage LLDP configuration on Arista EOS net...
arista.eos.eos_lldp_global                                                                                         LLDP resource module                       
arista.eos.eos_lldp_interfaces                                                                                     LLDP interfaces resource module            
arista.eos.eos_logging_global                                                                                      Manages logging resource module            
arista.eos.eos_ntp_global                                                                                          Manages ntp resource module                
arista.eos.eos_ospf_interfaces                                                                                     OSPF Interfaces Resource Module            
arista.eos.eos_ospfv2                                                                                              OSPFv2 resource module                     
arista.eos.eos_ospfv3                                                                                              OSPFv3 resource module                     
arista.eos.eos_prefix_lists                                                                                        Manages Prefix lists resource module       
arista.eos.eos_route_maps                                                                                          Manages Route Maps resource module         
arista.eos.eos_snmp_server                                                                                         Manages snmp_server resource module        
arista.eos.eos_static_routes                                                                                       Static routes resource module              
arista.eos.eos_system                                                                                              Manage the system attributes on Arista EOS ...
arista.eos.eos_user                                                                                                Manage the collection of local users on EOS...
arista.eos.eos_vlans                                                                                               VLANs resource module                      
arista.eos.eos_vrf                                                                                                 Manage VRFs on Arista EOS network devices  
arista.eos.eos_vrf_global                                                                                          Resource module to configure VRF definition...
awx.awx.ad_hoc_command                                                                                             create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.ad_hoc_command_cancel                                                                                      Cancel an Ad Hoc Command                   
awx.awx.ad_hoc_command_wait                                                                                        Wait for Automation Platform Controller Ad ...
awx.awx.application                                                                                                create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.bulk_host_create                                                                                           Bulk host create in Automation Platform Con...
awx.awx.bulk_host_delete                                                                                           Bulk host delete in Automation Platform Con...
awx.awx.bulk_job_launch                                                                                            Bulk job launch in Automation Platform Cont...
awx.awx.controller_meta                                                                                            Returns metadata about the collection this ...
awx.awx.credential                                                                                                 create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.credential_input_source                                                                                    create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.credential_type                                                                                            Create, update, or destroy custom Automatio...
awx.awx.execution_environment                                                                                      create, update, or destroy Execution Enviro...
awx.awx.export                                                                                                     export resources from Automation Platform C...
awx.awx.group                                                                                                      create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.host                                                                                                       create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.import                                                                                                     import resources into Automation Platform C...
awx.awx.instance                                                                                                   create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.instance_group                                                                                             create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.inventory                                                                                                  create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.inventory_source                                                                                           create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.inventory_source_update                                                                                    Update inventory source(s)                 
awx.awx.job_cancel                                                                                                 Cancel an Automation Platform Controller Jo...
awx.awx.job_launch                                                                                                 Launch an Ansible Job                      
awx.awx.job_list                                                                                                   List Automation Platform Controller jobs   
awx.awx.job_template                                                                                               create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.job_wait                                                                                                   Wait for Automation Platform Controller job...
awx.awx.label                                                                                                      create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.license                                                                                                    Set the license for Automation Platform Con...
awx.awx.notification_template                                                                                      create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.organization                                                                                               create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.project                                                                                                    create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.project_update                                                                                             Update a Project in Automation Platform Con...
awx.awx.role                                                                                                       grant or revoke an Automation Platform Cont...
awx.awx.role_definition                                                                                            Add role definition to Automation Platform ...
awx.awx.role_team_assignment                                                                                       Gives a team permission to a resource or an...
awx.awx.role_user_assignment                                                                                       Gives a user permission to a resource or an...
awx.awx.schedule                                                                                                   create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.settings                                                                                                   Modify Automation Platform Controller setti...
awx.awx.subscriptions                                                                                              Get subscription list                      
awx.awx.team                                                                                                       create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.token                                                                                                      create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.user                                                                                                       create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.workflow_approval                                                                                          Approve an approval node in a workflow job 
awx.awx.workflow_job_template                                                                                      create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.workflow_job_template_node                                                                                 create, update, or destroy Automation Platf...
awx.awx.workflow_launch                                                                                            Run a workflow in Automation Platform Contr...
awx.awx.workflow_node_wait                                                                                         Wait for a workflow node to finish         
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_accesstoken_info                                                                       Get Azure API access token                 
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_account_info                                                                           Get Azure Account facts (output of az accou...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_adapplication                                                                          Manage Azure Active Directory application  
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_adapplication_info                                                                     Get Azure Active Directory application info
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_adgroup                                                                                Manage Azure Active Directory group        
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_adgroup_info                                                                           Get Azure Active Directory group info      
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_adpassword                                                                             Manage application password                
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_adpassword_info                                                                        Get application password info              
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_adserviceprincipal                                                                     Manage Azure Active Directory service princ...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_adserviceprincipal_info                                                                Get Azure Active Directory service principa...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_aduser                                                                                 Modify an Azure Active Directory user      
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_aduser_info                                                                            Get Azure Active Directory user info       
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_afdendpoint                                                                            Manage an Azure Front Door Endpoint to be u...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_afdendpoint_info                                                                       Get Azure Front Door Endpoint facts to be u...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_afdorigin                                                                              Manage an Azure Front Door Origin to be use...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_afdorigin_info                                                                         Get Azure Front Door Origin facts to be use...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_afdorigingroup                                                                         Manage an Azure Front Door OriginGroup to b...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_afdorigingroup_info                                                                    Get Azure Front Door OriginGroup facts to b...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_afdroute                                                                               Manage an Azure Front Door Route           
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_afdroute_info                                                                          Get Azure Front Door Route facts to be used...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_afdrules                                                                               Manage an Azure Front Door Rules           
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_afdrules_info                                                                          Get Azure Front Door Rule facts to be used ...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_afdruleset                                                                             Manage an Azure Front Door Rule Set        
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_afdruleset_info                                                                        Get Azure Front Door Ruleset facts to be us...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_aks                                                                                    Manage a managed Azure Container Service (A...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_aks_info                                                                               Get Azure Kubernetes Service facts         
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_aksagentpool                                                                           Manage node pools in Kubernetes kubernetes ...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_aksagentpool_info                                                                      Show the details for a node pool in the man...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_aksagentpoolversion_info                                                               Gets a list of supported versions for the s...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_akscredentials_info                                                                    List Azure Kubernetes Service Credentials f...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_aksupgrade_info                                                                        Get the upgrade versions available for a AK...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_aksversion_info                                                                        Get available kubernetes versions supported...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_apimanagement                                                                          Manage Azure api instances                 
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_apimanagement_info                                                                     Get the infomation of the API Instance     
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_apimanagementservice                                                                   Manage Azure ApiManagementService instance 
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_apimanagementservice_info                                                              Get ApiManagementService info              
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_appgateway                                                                             Manage Application Gateway instance        
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_appgateway_info                                                                        Retrieve Application Gateway instance facts
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_applicationfirewallpolicy                                                              Manage the Application firewall policy inst...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_applicationfirewallpolicy_info                                                         Retrieve Application firewall policy instan...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_applicationsecuritygroup                                                               Manage Azure Application Security Group    
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_applicationsecuritygroup_info                                                          Get Azure Application Security Group facts 
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_appserviceplan                                                                         Manage App Service Plan                    
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_appserviceplan_info                                                                    Get azure app service plan facts           
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_arcssh                                                                                 Configure SSH proxy for ARC hosts          
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_automationaccount                                                                      Manage Azure Automation account            
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_automationaccount_info                                                                 Get Azure automation account facts         
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_automationrunbook                                                                      Mange automation runbook                   
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_automationrunbook_info                                                                 Get Azure automation runbook facts         
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_autoscale                                                                              Manage Azure autoscale setting             
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_autoscale_info                                                                         Get Azure Auto Scale Setting facts         
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_availabilityset                                                                        Manage Azure Availability Set              
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_availabilityset_info                                                                   Get Azure Availability Set facts           
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_azurefirewall                                                                          Manage Azure Firewall instance             
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_azurefirewall_info                                                                     Get AzureFirewall info                     
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_backupazurevm                                                                          Back up an Azure Virtual Machine using Azur...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_backupazurevm_info                                                                     Back up an Azure Virtual Machine using Azur...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_backuppolicy                                                                           Manage Azure Backup Policy                 
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_backuppolicy_info                                                                      Get Info on Azure Backup Policy            
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_bastionhost                                                                            Managed bastion host resource              
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_bastionhost_info                                                                       Get Azure bastion host info                
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_batchaccount                                                                           Manages a Batch Account on Azure           
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_batchaccount_info                                                                      Get the Batch Account on Azure facts       
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_batchaccountapplication                                                                Manages a Batch Account Application on Azur...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_batchaccountapplication_info                                                           Get the Batch Account Application facts    
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_batchaccountapplicationpackage                                                         Manages a Batch Account Application Package...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_batchaccountapplicationpackage_info                                                    Get the Batch Account Application Package f...
azure.azcollection.azure_rm_batchaccountpool                                                                       Manages a Batch A